We've made a major breakthrough
in our search for life.
Because of Charlie Brown,
we've discovered an asteroid
passing through our solar system.
Sorry, everyone.
We're thanking you, you blockhead!
In that case, you're welcome.
Everything in our solar system
orbits in one direction,
but Franklin noticed this asteroid
is moving the opposite way.
And that means it must have come from
a different solar system,
which makes it an interstellar traveler.
This is not the kind of
interstellar traveler I signed up for.
Where are the blobby green aliens?
Where are the flying saucers?
Where are the special effects?
This isn't science fiction, Lucy.
It's even better!
For untold epochs,
this asteroid roamed the stars
on a great celestial journey.
Of the billions of solar systems
it could have passed through,
what are the odds it would arrive in ours?
When you put it that way,
I guess it is kind of exciting.
For a rock.
Kind of?
This is incredible!
For years, NASA has been hoping
to find an interstellar traveler
because they could teach us
so much about faraway planets.
Billions of years ago,
the sun's gravitational pull made
bits of dust collide into each other,
like making a snowball.
Some of those bits got bigger and bigger
until they formed the planets,
while the smaller leftover bits
became the asteroids.
Because asteroids aren't protected
by an atmosphere,
they don't have wind or rain
or storms to change them,
which means they've been preserved
since they were formed.
So, if we were able
to look at one up close,
it could teach us about the materials
present billions of years ago
that allowed the planets to form.
We also believe that asteroids contain
the building blocks of life.
So, this asteroid might even give us
important clues about how life began.
All that thanks to Charlie Brown?
What's the galaxy coming to?
Wait. If we were able to
capture the interstellar traveler,
it could have material on it that tells us
whether life exists somewhere else.
Wow!
That's right.
It would be an amazing breakthrough.
Well, what are we waiting for?
Let's snag us an asteroid.
I love your enthusiasm, gang.
But catching an asteroid
would be extremely difficult.
We'll just have to come up with a plan.
Excellent. Excellent.
Whoops. Looks like I need a quick reboot
to clear some computer cobwebs.
This won't take long. Good luck, gang.
I know!
When I wanna catch butterflies,
I use a butterfly net.
Okay. That's a good start.
Unfortunately, it seems this asteroid
is much too big for a net.
Okay, so maybe not a net.
- What are other ways to catch something?
- I've got it.
When cowboys wanna catch something,
they use a lasso.
Yeehaw!
Great idea.
Even for a very skilled cowboy,
the asteroid would be way too fast.
Yeehaw!
I think I'd be more comfortable
with a different approach.
Okay, not that either. What else?
Everyone loves fishing.
If you can catch a fish,
maybe you can catch an asteroid.
Sure. Let's give it a shot.
Nets? Lassos? Fishing poles?
None of these silly ideas will ever work.
You might be surprised, Lucy.
All the methods NASA uses
started out as ideas.
Even ones we take for granted today,
like safely landing people on the moon
or using robots to explore distant space.
Good scientific practice involves testing
many different theoretical solutions,
no matter how wild
they might seem at the time.
Hey!
Of course! That's it.
If we could send a craft
to orbit the asteroid,
then we could use the grabbing action
of a robot arm to get a sample.
We don't need the whole asteroid.
We could study a piece of it.
That's a great idea, Franklin.
Really?
It'll take some time
to organize the logistics,
but I'd say you've come up with
a fantastic plan.
NASA will definitely be
putting this mission into place.
What a terrific way to end the day.
Yeehaw!
Thanks for the idea, Snoopy.